# Optical System Simulator

OpenVLC is an open-source and open-hardware, flexible, and low-cost Visible Light Communication platform. OSIRIS is an open-source ully relativistic, electro-magnetic particle in cell code for kinetic plasma physics simulations. FUSION is an open-source discrete-event simulation framework for Software-Defined Elastic Optical Networks (SD-EONs). OptiNetSim is a optical network simulation platform that allows users to design, analyze, and optimize optical network topologies. It leverages the GNPY library for physical layer simulations and provides a comprehensive set of features for network design and analysis. GNPy is an open-source, community-developed library for building route planning and optimization tools in real-world mesh optical networks. Optilux is an open-source collection of algorithms to design, simulate, and analyze optical communication systems at the physical layer. Optcom is a Python library which aims to simulate optical systems. Optcom has been build for both advanced research and teaching purposes. OptiCommPy is a Python-based framework to simulate systems, subsystems, and components of fiber optic communication systems, for educational and research purposes. GNLSE: Nonlinear optics modeling tool for optical fibers. Robochameleon is a coding framework and component library for simulation and experimental analysis of optical communication systems. Opticomlib is an open source Python package for optical communications research. This project provides a comprehensive simulation and analysis framework for a Hybrid LiFi-WiFi communication system. It models user mobility, dynamic load balancing, throughput, energy efficiency, and resource-dependent switching between LiFi and WiFi channels.
